Welcome to the last unit of this capital.
In this video, I will be discussing the semester project
"Vagrant up" and "Travis CI".
I will now scroll in the description of the text.
As you know, you must have your own html5 project available,
which is hosted by github.
If you can't do this, then use our alternate flashcard project, THMcards.
(editor: See note 1 on the slide)
The resources are here
(editor: https://github.com/thm-projects/thmcards)
The THMCards will be used in September for the SCRUM project.
Now what should you do?
In homework 3, you used a build pipeline with Jenkins as your setup for your project or the THMcards project.
For semester project, you will build a website for the cloud with the open source Travis CI tool.
Your semester project will have a Vagrant file. Your peer reviewers will go to github and clone your Vagrant project to their own computer and then do a "vagrant up".
This will create a Virtual Machine, which by doing "vagrant up" will show that your machine will start.
Your peer reviewers will do "vagrant up" and your VM will come up;
that's the vision.
You can get help with the vagrant documentation, which you can find on the vagrantup.com website.
Similarly, you can find the puppet documentation with recipes (patterns) on the puppetcookbook website.
Travis will be used in this pipeline to get quality assurance.
We will not use what we used in homework 3.
Instead we will use Selenium Builder test,
that means an user interface test,
not with the Selenium IDE,
rather with the Selenium Builder.
Since I am in Firefox, I can now show you the Seliumun Builder,
so that there isn't any misunderstanding.
Here are additional plugins.
1) export your test scripts directly to github.
That's why your project needs to be hosted on github.
2) export to open source platform from Saucelabs
We are now coming to pipeline in the cloud from Travis.
I will now show you the .travis.yml file,
which is not here in this example.
rather
it is here.
In your semester project or in the forked THMcards project,
you should have such a
.travis.yml
file.
Here you can see in the front end from ARSnova,
how Sencha Command is built.
1) wget zip file
2) unzip
etc.
before_install
notifications
Naturally, everything is documented on the travis-ci.com website.
There are many options.
We are using:
VM => virtual box
language => javascript (node.js)
options => puppet (not used chef)
There are several versions of
node.js
that you can use..
When there is a commit,
then through the
.travis.yml
file,
the Travis platform is notified of the commit,
which triggers the build process in the cloud.
We are now in the platform.
We see for example,
ARSnova backend (thm-projects/arsnova-war)
I want to verify that everything went ok.
As you can see from:
'The command "mvn test -B" exited with 0.'
that the unit test passed,
which is confirmed by this
green passing box.
31a
In summary:
1) github commit
2) triggers a build
3) platform is built
(we see with what tools and what versions)
31b
4) Selenium interpreter from SauceLabs is called,
using the test script that you exported from Firefox.
31c
You see here results
with various browsers using different operating systems.
All is free for open source projects.
Let's look at a recent result.
This was run by your teaching assistant, Thelan.
(by commana-mni)
Windows platform
Windows 7
Chrome browser
Version 27
the Travis environment
Travis did the samething as was previously done with:
Jenkins
vagrant up
start.sh
We can see the logs (selenium log)
metadata
and screencast.
38a
Saucelabs Selenium Builder is better than
sliced bread.
38b
Everything is free, if you are doing an open source project.
If you are doing a private build, then it is not free,
and you need to press other buttons.
39a
Let's look at a screencast.
39b
Chrome browser from Windows 7 will be started.
39c
Login as: guest
We are using an old chrome browser with Windows 7,
which customers may have.
The session will be deleted.
You can try to figure out what want wrong.
Wishing you success.
Credits
Translated by:
Jim Oser
oserj@oserconsulting.com
www.oserconsulting.com